[AGM-1650] Outbound proxy article update (#237)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-android/solving-problems/outbound-proxy.md

:::

> AdGuard allows you to route your device's traffic through a proxy server. You can access proxy settings by opening **Settings** and then proceeding to **Filtering** → **Network** → **Proxy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdGuard allows you to route your device's traffic through a proxy server. To access proxy settings, open **Settings** → **Filtering** → **Network** → **Proxy**.
```

3. You also need to fill out the **Username/Password** fields. To do so, log in to the [Client Control Panel](https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/pages/client-sign-in) on the PIA website. Click the **Generate Password** button under the **Generate PPTP/L2TP/SOCKS Password** section. A username starting with "x" and a random password will be shown. Use them to fill out the **Proxy username** and **Proxy password** fields in AdGuard.

4. Click **Save and select**.

5. Enable the main Proxy switch and AdGuard protection to route your device's traffic through the proxy.

### How to use AdGuard with TorGuard

*Here we presume that you are already a TorGuard client and have it installed on your device.*

1. Open AdGuard and go to **Settings** → **Filtering** → **Network** → **Proxy** → **Proxy server**.

2. Tap the **Add proxy server** button and enter the following data:

    Field      |  Value
    -------    | ---------
    Proxy type | *SOCKS5*
    Proxy host | *proxy.torguard.org* or *proxy.torguard.io*
    Proxy port | *1080* or *1085* or *1090*

3. For **Username** and **Password** fields, enter your proxy username and proxy password you have chosen at TorGuard signup.

> 4. Set this proxy as a default one by toggling the switch, then click **Save and select**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set this proxy as a default one by toggling the switch, then tap **Save and select**.
```

5. Enable the main Proxy switch and AdGuard protection to route your device's traffic through the proxy.

### How to use AdGuard with NordVPN

1. Open AdGuard and go to **Settings** → **Filtering** → **Network** → **Proxy** → **Proxy server**.

2. Tap the **Add proxy server** button and enter the following data:

    Field      |  Value
    -------    | ---------
    Proxy type | *SOCKS5*
    Proxy host | *any server from [this list](https://support.nordvpn.com/Connectivity/Proxy/)*
    Proxy port | *1080*

3. For **Username** and **Password** fields, enter your NordVPN Username and Password.

4. Set this proxy as a default one by toggling the switch, then click **Save and select**.

> 5. Enable the main Proxy switch and AdGuard protection to route your device's traffic through the proxy.

Reviewer: точно прокси с большой?
и мб просто Enable proxy and AdGuard protection?

Author: он называется Proxy

### How to use AdGuard with Shadowsocks

*Here we presume that you have already configured a Shadowsocks server and a client on your device.*

:::note

> You should remove Shadowsocks application from filtering before setting up the process (**Settings** → **Filtering** → **Apps** → **App management** → **Shadowsocks** → **Route traffic through AdGuard**) to avoid infinite loops and drops.

Reviewer: или просто Shadowsocks

> You should remove Shadowsocks application from filtering before setting up the process (**Settings** → **Filtering** → **Apps** → **App management** → **Shadowsocks** → **Route traffic through AdGuard**) to avoid infinite loops and drops.

Author: хотел подчеркнуть, что речь про именно приложение, а не просто про название прокси. Во всех остальных пунктах статьи прокси-приложения нет

Proxy host | *127.0.0.1*
Proxy port | *1080*

> 5. Enable the main Proxy switch and AdGuard protection to route your device's traffic through the proxy.

Reviewer 2: ```
1. ...
2. ...
5. ...
```

why not just use lazy numbering?
https://google.github.io/styleguide/docguide/style.html#lists

Author: We should definitely do that
